One of the things that I was forced to overcome was the fact that when trying to use a sing card prefab I could 
not figure out how to change the color of the second card type. I spent a couple hours pouring over the refereces
and stackover and unity forums. After my time of trying some lines of code on a copy file I was still not able to 
get the code to properly work due to syntax errors. In the end I had to settle for making the prefab variants so 
that anytime I added a script to the base card prefab and then it would set up all the changes for both of the
cards and then I could go into each of the variants and then set up thier color. I was still unable to figure out
how to change the color of the GameObjects in the script itself, so that is something I am going to have to work
on, but I will have the time to look into some video tutorials and converse with some classmates to see if they
have figured something out yet. The key to succeeding on this assignment is to allow yourself ample time to so it
and to also pause the video everytime he does anything, this is a like a cooking tutorial, they have done this at 
least a couple of times to prepare for this video so they can get through it at optimal speed, but we the ones 
trying to follow the video we are unexperienced so we take our time. For me the most fun aspect of this assignment
was the fact that we were workign on a game so that in itself lead to ot being fun, but I also enjoyed seeing my
game progress advance as I added more features in with my scripting. The hardest part of this assingment was that
I dont know C# so well so all the programing that I am doing it more so on trust so I am Having to go and learn 
more syntax for a language but I now know how to read the references so its fine and Im just having to teach 
myself. The most dificult part of this asssignment to understand was how to get the canvas to work properly, i.e.
how to resize it, and work properly with it. If I could do anything to make this assignment better I would say 
that maybe you could make your own tutorial showing it only because the video maker tended to go off on tangents 
but also because you bring a more critical level of thinking in that the video maker doesnt, i.e. when you made 
the play area and cards the same prefab but just instanciated them differently.